Husband, I have good news for you
What happened to Butler Liang Chen?
And
Why is he a servant in our bedroom?
Madam, are you not blind?
My name is Xia Meng
I was in a car accident as a child.
Cause damage to the optic nerve
Blindness
I am an unfortunate person
But also the happiest person in the world
Because I have a husband who loves me deeply
Xia Meng wake up
Who are you and why are you in my house?
The old man came into the world
I came to see you specially
Look at me. You were born blind
But pure-hearted
charity
To reward your merits
The old man has decided to give you a gift
You drank this bowl of floating water
The eyes will return to their original state